# Stock_Analysis
Use Excel VBA to Automate Stock Data for Green Energy Investments. The stock analysis includes fields for oen, high low, close, volume and returns.
## Overview of Project
VBA is useful in the financial industry evidenced by the client's need for the analytical program. One client requested widening the analytical scope of his “DQ” workbook to include similar analysis for additional stock tickers. The client wants to find the total daily volume and yearly return for each stock.
### What are the advantages or disadvantages of refactoring code?
The refactoring editorial process introduces new statements and code. VBA doesn't care much what your code looks like as long as everything is typed correctly and placed in the right order. A new code must have precise placement in the script or it will disrupt the refactor. That resuts in delays. Code scripts that have neither been well documented nor contain useful “comments” sections are more difficult to understand and refactor. A well composed source and clean scripting style makes the refactoring process easier and in contrast to bad smelling code.
### How do these pros and cons apply to refactoring of the original VBA script?
Pros and cons apply to both the original script and the refactored code. Generally using code to automate tasks decreases the chance of errors and reduces the time needed to run routine analyses. VBA is powerful enough to connect to the internet and run applications in the operating system, which means it can be abused to write malicious code, like viruses and trojan horses. Further advantages of working from a good script are utilitarian such as a solid foundation which allows further improvements, adaptations or reporposing the program.
